Add note to 'Scheduling Backup' section to set backup every 10 minutes (#59713)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-scheduling-backups.adoc

EOF
----
<1> `cron` expression to schedule the backup, for example, `0 7 * * *` to perform a backup every day at 7:00.

[NOTE]
====

> To schedule a backup every number of minutes, enter the number of minutes to start the next backup in the following format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To schedule a backup at specific intervals, enter the interval duration in minutes in the following format:
```

----

>   schedule: "*/10 * * * *"

Reviewer: can we have a placeholder like `<duration_in_minutes>` instead of adding a separate statement below?

Author: Changed as requested
